Craps is a simple game that can be played effortlessly while only 
giving up either a 1.40% or 1.34% advantage to the house. There are
different worse bets to make. But I will have them at the end as an
extra bonus. 

There are 2 kinds of bets for this problem.
1. Pass
2. Don't Pass

It is played with a pair of 6 sided dice. Play is repeated until 
the bet is won or lost. A bet pays even money. For this we shall assume
that each bet is $10 (this will make one of the bonuses easier). 

The rule for the Pass bet is that in the initial state the dice are rolled. 
If that first roll is (1,1), (1,2), or (6,6) the bet is lost and play 
is completed. If that first roll is (1,6), (2,5), (3,4), or (5,6) the bet is
won and play is completed. If any other rolls are made with totals of 
4,5,6,8,9.10 then "the point" is set at that value. The player then continues
to roll the dice until either the roll is equal to "the point" in which case the
bet is won and play is completed, or the roll is equal to 7 in which case the 
bet is lost and play is completed. If you run out of data before the bet is
won or lost then play is completed and the bet is returned, no win, no loss.

The play for the "Don't Pass" bet is the same as for the Pass described above 
except initially when 2,3, or 12 is rolled the bet wins and play is completed.
If initially 7 or 11 is rolled the bet is lost and play is completed. Once the
point is set, if 7 is rolled play is completed and the bet wins, or the point
is rolled and the bet is lost and play is completed.

As I mentioned earlier there are known house advantages 1.40% if you bet
"Pass", and 1.36% if you play "Don't Pass". There is also another bet called
"odds" which has no house advantage. But I leave that as a bonus. :)

The problem is to show that both of these bets are quite favorable for the
player. Generate a large sample of dice pair rolls. They should probably be
stored in a file or however you like so that you can run your solution
differently with the same sample. Roll through the sample data and calculate
the wins and losses and calculate the house advantage. Try running through the
data just starting in the second, third, or forth position and even possibly
backwards. These should be whole different play in some cases. Perhaps you can 
try to create a strategy of sometimes playing "Pass" and others "Don't pass"
and see if it does better than just playing always "Pass" or "Don't Pass".
Perhaps every other one, or switch after a win, or a loss or something else. 

Show comparison between playing "Pass", "Don't Pass", and "Your amazing
randomized strategy of switching back and forth between them on whatever
decisions you like"

Stop here if you are not interested in the bonus odds section. 

The bonus is to show how playing odds helps the player further reduce the
house advantage. Odds can only be played when "the point is set". If you are
playing "Pass" you can place odds. If you are playing "Don't Pass" you can
take odds. On "Pass" the odds bet pays 2 for 1 on 4 or 10; 3 for 2  on 5 or 9;
and 6 for 5 on 6 or 8. So this means if you have a pass bet, and the point is
set. You can then add an odds bet. If play causes a
win then the bet is paid one for one on the Pass bet, and at the described
rate for the pass amount. So if the bet was $10 and the odds was $10 and the
point was 4 or 10 then your pass bet wins $10 and your odds bet wins $20 so
you take $50 from the table. If the point was on 5 or 9 the odds would pay $15
and the Pass would pay $10 so you walk away with $45. And if the point had
been 6 or 8, then odds would pay $12 and so on to walk away with $42. 

When you are playing "Don't come" then the odds work in the opposite
direction. So if the point is 10 or 4 then the bet wins $5 for a $10 odds bet,
$10 for a $15 odds bet and $10 for a $12 odds bet. In these cases you will
walk away from the table with the same money as described under the "Pass"
describtion.

If you add the ability to do odds, you can now show always play the odds, or
never play odds or some strategy like above. 
